Fixes #404 -- added checklist for open zaak post install (#440)
open-zaak/open-zaak: docs/installation/index.rst

   logging
   performance/index
   linux

Post-install checklist
----------------------

After Open Zaak has been installed successfully, go through the following checklist
to see if the software works as expected:

**Check configuration**

> Check the configuration page for Open Zaak, accessible at the url ``{{base_url}}/view-config/``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check the configuration page for Open Zaak, accessible at the url https://open-zaak.gemeente.nl/view-config/.
```
We've been using that placeholder domain for examples most

This page will indicate whether certain settings are properly configured:

.. figure:: assets/openzaak-config.png
    :width: 100%
    :alt: Open Zaak config page

**Run check management commands**

If Sentry was set up for Open Zaak, make sure to run the following command to
ensure that logging to Sentry will work as expected:

.. code-block:: shell

    python src/manage.py raven test

> Furthermore, to verify that notifications can be received by the URL as defined

Reviewer: Please add that the `test` kanaal must exist in the NRC you're using, see https://github.com/open-zaak/open-zaak/pull/442/files#r371121413

Reviewer: Added a note
